Lesson 10
Build your portfolio web page


<!-- get together all the content that will need to be on the webpage first.


h1 LaToya Simon
 h3 software developer

An Intro section that contains the following information:

Who you are
h2 Hi! I'm LaToya Simon


Where you are located
p I am a software developer from Las Vegas, Nevada.

An About Me section that contains the following information:
A description that shows your passion for web development and your willingness to work with others

 p I am still finding my way in life but I know that what I'm meant to do involves bringing people closer together.
p I'm a lifelong student and as such, I'm interested in:
ul Putting my thoughts into actions just as a computer would do with code.
Exploring to find workable solutions to problems, it's all about the journey, I know we'll get there eventually!
Working with a group that helps each other to grow and succeed, while also having the occasional inside joke.

p We could all use a good laugh every now and again right?

hr-------------------

 

One or two sentences that describe other interests you have outside of web development

h2 About LaToya

p Growing up in Vegas, it's always been said that I have a knack for entertaining people. Though my humor is in the moment,
and I'm a bit of an omnivert, that just means the fun is waiting to begin! I just have to warm up first. I am a creative person 
with many artistic hobbies that you can find out more about once you strike up the conversation. So don't be shy, I'm an open book.

p I have a Bachelor's degree in Criminal Justice from the University of Nevada Las Vegas. 
I am a survivor with epic tales of woah and success. 
I like to write in my free time, that's a little hint. 
As I brought my own characters to life, I began to realize that I wanted more out of mine. 
After much research and exploration, I found myself a student at Thinkful and I can't wait to see what happens next! 
No spoilers, but there is a pretty good chance that I'm standing on the edge of great. 

p If you are looking to hire a new developer, I volunteer as tribute! I'm a diamond in the rough who is excited to work with great people
and build great software. If you however are not looking for a new developer, I suggest you reach out anyway. 
You never want to pass up this kind of opportunity. Plus, I'm always willing to answer a curious question or two. It never hurts to ask.

hr--------------------------------------------------------------
A Contact section that contains the following information:
H2 Contact LaToya

p I'd love to hear from you! Please feel free to contact or follow me:
ol
A link to your LinkedIn profile
linkedin.com/in/latoya-simon-30693a239

A link to your GitHub profile
https://github.com/latoyadsimon

A link to your email (optional)
----------------------------------------------

need to add a link later:

<a href="http://www.webserver.com/folder/subfolder/filename.html">Link</a>


<-- first start with the basic skeleton of the webpage -->

-windows key + semicolon to access emoji panel

©

- before submitting, do a spell check in word


https://latoyadsimon.github.io/myFirstIntroWebpageAttempt/